Audio Misc.md, before:

# Audio Misc

---

## Airsonic

![](https://airsonic.github.io/favicon-200x200.png)

- [Airsonic](https://airsonic.github.io) - Airsonic, a Free and Open Source community driven media server, providing ubiquitous access to your music.

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Artists LabelRadar

![](https://www.labelradar.com/assets/images/facebook_og_image.png)

- [Artists LabelRadar](https://www.labelradar.com/artists/billing) - LabelRadar streamlines the demo submission process across the music industry, helping artists get heard while also allowing labels and promoters to review new submissions in an efficient and addictive way.

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:48:55.686Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Beets

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fbeets.io)

- [Beets](http://beets.io) - Beets

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Echoes App

![](https://echoesapp.io/featured-image.png)

- [Echoes App](https://echoesapp.io) - Get insights into your music listening habits with top artists and tracks. Discover new music, create playlists and get monthly reports.

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:34:34.996Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## iMusician

- [iMusician](https://imusician.app/dashboard) - iMusician

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:17:22.860Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Last.fm To Csv

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fbenjaminbenben.com%2Flastfm-to-csv)

- [Last.fm to csv](https://benjaminbenben.com/lastfm-to-csv) - Last.fm to csv

**Date:** 2022-08-28T15:42:49.509Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Lyric Card Maker

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fehmorris.com%2Flyriccardgenerator%2Ftool)

- [Lyric Card Maker](http://ehmorris.com/lyriccardgenerator/tool) - Lyric Card Maker

**Date:** 2023-10-02T10:20:32.434Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Madsonic

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.madsonic.org)

- [Madsonic](https://www.madsonic.org) - Madsonic

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## MOOVAL

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mooval.de)

- [MOOVAL](https://www.mooval.de) - MOOVAL

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Music Gateway

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.musicgateway.com%2Flogin%3Fredirect%3D%252Fdashboard%26tab%3D%26username%3D)

- [Music Gateway](https://www.musicgateway.com/login?redirect=%2Fdashboard&tab=&username=) - Music Gateway

**Date:** 2022-02-24T13:17:34.000Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## PlayTreks

![](https://app.playtreks.com/playtreks_opengraph.png)

- [PlayTreks](https://app.playtreks.com/welcomePage) - PlayTreks, FREE music distribution and powerful data dashboard with subscription

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:33:30.127Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## The Music Industry Toolkit

![](https://images.spr.so/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/j42No7y-dcokJuNgXeA0ig/d0f896ff-9590-4fb3-91ef-60e300ed86d9/richard-horvath-_nWaeTF6qo0-unsplash-2/public)

- [The Music Industry Toolkit](https://themusicindustrytoolkit.com) - The Music Industry Toolkit is a resource directory created and curated by MAJOR to discover tools and knowledge used by music industry professionals to power their career in the music industry.

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:09:04.176Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

Next Page [[Audio Smartlinks]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Misc.md, after:

# Audio Misc

---

![[misc.jpg]]


>The "Audio Misc" category includes a diverse range of platforms and services that cater to various audio-related needs, from media management to music insights and analytics. These services are designed for music enthusiasts, artists, and professionals in the music industry. Each platform in this category addresses a unique aspect of audio and music management or analysis. They are tagged with #audio, indicating their focus on providing audio-related services and solutions. These resources are valuable for anyone looking to manage their music collections, gain insights into listening habits, or streamline processes in the music industry.

---

## Airsonic

![](https://airsonic.github.io/favicon-200x200.png)

- [Airsonic](https://airsonic.github.io) - Airsonic, a Free and Open Source community driven media server, providing ubiquitous access to your music.

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Artists LabelRadar

![](https://www.labelradar.com/assets/images/facebook_og_image.png)

- [Artists LabelRadar](https://www.labelradar.com/artists/billing) - LabelRadar streamlines the demo submission process across the music industry, helping artists get heard while also allowing labels and promoters to review new submissions in an efficient and addictive way.

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:48:55.686Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Beets

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fbeets.io)

- [Beets](http://beets.io) - Beets

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Echoes App

![](https://echoesapp.io/featured-image.png)

- [Echoes App](https://echoesapp.io) - Get insights into your music listening habits with top artists and tracks. Discover new music, create playlists and get monthly reports.

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:34:34.996Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## iMusician

- [iMusician](https://imusician.app) - iMusician

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:17:22.860Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Last.fm To Csv

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fbenjaminbenben.com%2Flastfm-to-csv)

- [Last.fm to csv](https://benjaminbenben.com/lastfm-to-csv) - Last.fm to csv

**Date:** 2022-08-28T15:42:49.509Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Lyric Card Maker

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fehmorris.com%2Flyriccardgenerator%2Ftool)

- [Lyric Card Maker](http://ehmorris.com/lyriccardgenerator/tool) - Lyric Card Maker

**Date:** 2023-10-02T10:20:32.434Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Madsonic

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.madsonic.org)

- [Madsonic](https://www.madsonic.org) - Madsonic

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## MOOVAL

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.mooval.de)

- [MOOVAL](https://www.mooval.de) - MOOVAL

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.795Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## Music Gateway

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.musicgateway.com%2Flogin%3Fredirect%3D%252Fdashboard%26tab%3D%26username%3D)

- [Music Gateway](https://www.musicgateway.com/login?redirect=%2Fdashboard&tab=&username=) - Music Gateway

**Date:** 2022-02-24T13:17:34.000Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## PlayTreks

![](https://app.playtreks.com/playtreks_opengraph.png)

- [PlayTreks](https://app.playtreks.com/welcomePage) - PlayTreks, FREE music distribution and powerful data dashboard with subscription

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:33:30.127Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

## The Music Industry Toolkit

![](https://images.spr.so/cdn-cgi/imagedelivery/j42No7y-dcokJuNgXeA0ig/d0f896ff-9590-4fb3-91ef-60e300ed86d9/richard-horvath-_nWaeTF6qo0-unsplash-2/public)

- [The Music Industry Toolkit](https://themusicindustrytoolkit.com) - The Music Industry Toolkit is a resource directory created and curated by MAJOR to discover tools and knowledge used by music industry professionals to power their career in the music industry.

**Date:** 2022-08-28T23:09:04.176Z
**Tags:** #audio

---

Next Page [[Audio Smartlinks]]
