Audio Information.md, before:

# Audio Information

---

## Adtunes

![](https://adtunes.com/data/assets/logo/adtunes-logo-og.png)

- [Adtunes](https://adtunes.com/) - Find music used in TV commercials, television shows, movie trailers, film soundtracks, video games and more.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:45:23.556Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## AllMusic

![](https://cdn-gce.allmusic.com/images/allmusic_facebook_share.png)

- [AllMusic](https://www.allmusic.com/) - AllMusic provides comprehensive music info including reviews and biographies. Get recommendations for new music to listen to, stream or own.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:43:12.337Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## Bridge Audio

![](https://www.bridge.audio/og-image.png)

- [Bridge Audio](https://www.bridge.audio/) - Bridge is for everyone working with music and audio. We provide private workspaces to manage, share, and connect better

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:12:37.526Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## ISRC

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fusisrc.org%2Fcheck%2F)

- [ISRC](https://usisrc.org/check/) - International Standard Recording Code

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:14:21.742Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Codes for Music Products

![](https://www.isrc.com/images/inner-banner.jpg)

- [ISRC Codes for Music Products](https://www.isrc.com/free_ISRC_codes.php) - Free ISRC Codes? - ISRC Codes for your music and music videos. Get ISRC codes from #1 Global ISRC and UPC Barcode Experts.

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:13:22.065Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Finder

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.isrcfinder.com%2F)

- [ISRC Finder](https://www.isrcfinder.com/) - ISRC Search and Find tool utilising the largest ISRC database in the world - Spotify.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:28:11.476Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Search

![](https://isrcsearch.ifpi.org/static/img/bg.01.mc.jpg)

- [ISRC Search](https://isrcsearch.ifpi.org/#!/search) - ISRC Search

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:12:50.550Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Search

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fisrc.soundexchange.com%2F)

- [ISRC Search](https://isrc.soundexchange.com/) - ISRC search is a database of international recording data, providing sound recording data to those searching for the corresponding ISRC codes to be used for their recordings.

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:11:37.176Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## Label Engine

![](https://label-engine.com/img/preview-images/main-page)

- [Label Engine](https://label-engine.com/) - Label Engine helps thousands of labels and distributors monetize their digital media: Digital Distribution, Music Promotion, Accounting and Demo Management for your label.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:20:37.820Z
**Tags:** #audio #labels

---

## Melino

![](https://melino.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Statement-higher-888.png)

- [Melino](https://melino.com/) - melino is the all-in-one platform for Labels.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:17:55.420Z
**Tags:** #audio #labels

---

## Naxos

![](https://synchtank-cdn.s3.amazonaws.com/file_objects/486195780.jpg?X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAJ6ZPUHE3OSXWQSTA%2F20231116%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20231116T115153Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=67089389cbf5cee8a6aeb2e6ee3f11ca6da4b5883eb32b5d03f639f8133a3d2b)

- [Naxos](https://www.naxoslicensing.com/search#/) - Search.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:37:16.383Z
**Tags:** #audio #licensing

---

## Note Discover

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.notediscover.com%2F)

- [Note Discover](https://www.notediscover.com/) - Helping you find the BPM & key signature of your favorite songs

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:32:38.432Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## Sound Credit

![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/60bec6b3baf7720c58f2c90d/61140c900cf7f4e4dcfc2730_sound_credit_og_cover.png)

- [Sound Credit](https://www.soundcredit.com/) - Join over 30,000 music professionals to experience the modern music credits platform.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:21:53.290Z
**Tags:** #audio #labels

---

## UPCitemdb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fupcitemdb.com%2F)

- [UPCitemdb](https://upcitemdb.com/) - The largest UPC database offers API access, bulk lookup. With over 549 million barcodes, the database is updated daily and maintained by tech nerds.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:28:33.589Z
**Tags:** #audio #UPC

---

## VGMdb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fvgmdb.net%2F)

- [VGMdb](https://vgmdb.net/) - VGMdb provides media, tracklist and artist information for video game soundtracks and anime music.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:29:16.914Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## Yadb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.yadb.com%2F)

- [Yadb](https://www.yadb.com/) - YADB.com is a database for CD and track lookup. Using JRiver Media Center or Media Jukebox, you can lookup CDs and individual tracks. You can also submit information that we don't have yet. YADB was written and is copyrighted by JRiver.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:30:49.562Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

Next Page [[Audio Lyrics]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Information.md, after:

# Audio Information

---

![[info.jpg]]


>The "Audio Information" category encompasses a variety of platforms offering detailed information, databases, and tools related to audio content. These services cater to professionals in the music industry, researchers, and music enthusiasts. Each of these platforms focuses on providing specific information related to audio content, whether it's for music discovery, licensing, technical information like ISRC and UPC codes, or music management. They are tagged with #audio and various sub-tags like #information, #ISRC, #labels, #licensing, and #UPC, indicating their specialized focus areas within the audio domain. These resources are invaluable for a wide range of users from different sectors of the music and audio industry.

---

## Adtunes

![](https://adtunes.com/data/assets/logo/adtunes-logo-og.png)

- [Adtunes](https://adtunes.com/) - Find music used in TV commercials, television shows, movie trailers, film soundtracks, video games and more.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:45:23.556Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## AllMusic

![](https://cdn-gce.allmusic.com/images/allmusic_facebook_share.png)

- [AllMusic](https://www.allmusic.com/) - AllMusic provides comprehensive music info including reviews and biographies. Get recommendations for new music to listen to, stream or own.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:43:12.337Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## Bridge Audio

![](https://www.bridge.audio/og-image.png)

- [Bridge Audio](https://www.bridge.audio/) - Bridge is for everyone working with music and audio. We provide private workspaces to manage, share, and connect better

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:12:37.526Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## ISRC

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fusisrc.org%2Fcheck%2F)

- [ISRC](https://usisrc.org/check/) - International Standard Recording Code

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:14:21.742Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Codes for Music Products

![](https://www.isrc.com/images/inner-banner.jpg)

- [ISRC Codes for Music Products](https://www.isrc.com/free_ISRC_codes.php) - Free ISRC Codes? - ISRC Codes for your music and music videos. Get ISRC codes from #1 Global ISRC and UPC Barcode Experts.

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:13:22.065Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Finder

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.isrcfinder.com%2F)

- [ISRC Finder](https://www.isrcfinder.com/) - ISRC Search and Find tool utilising the largest ISRC database in the world - Spotify.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:28:11.476Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Search

![](https://isrcsearch.ifpi.org/static/img/bg.01.mc.jpg)

- [ISRC Search](https://isrcsearch.ifpi.org/#!/search) - ISRC Search

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:12:50.550Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## ISRC Search

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fisrc.soundexchange.com%2F)

- [ISRC Search](https://isrc.soundexchange.com/) - ISRC search is a database of international recording data, providing sound recording data to those searching for the corresponding ISRC codes to be used for their recordings.

**Date:** 2023-11-24T01:11:37.176Z
**Tags:** #audio #ISRC

---

## Label Engine

![](https://label-engine.com/img/preview-images/main-page)

- [Label Engine](https://label-engine.com/) - Label Engine helps thousands of labels and distributors monetize their digital media: Digital Distribution, Music Promotion, Accounting and Demo Management for your label.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:20:37.820Z
**Tags:** #audio #labels

---

## Melino

![](https://melino.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Statement-higher-888.png)

- [Melino](https://melino.com/) - melino is the all-in-one platform for Labels.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:17:55.420Z
**Tags:** #audio #labels

---

## Naxos

![](https://synchtank-cdn.s3.amazonaws.com/file_objects/486195780.jpg?X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAJ6ZPUHE3OSXWQSTA%2F20231116%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20231116T115153Z&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=67089389cbf5cee8a6aeb2e6ee3f11ca6da4b5883eb32b5d03f639f8133a3d2b)

- [Naxos](https://www.naxoslicensing.com/search#/) - Search.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:37:16.383Z
**Tags:** #audio #licensing

---

## Note Discover

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.notediscover.com%2F)

- [Note Discover](https://www.notediscover.com/) - Helping you find the BPM & key signature of your favorite songs

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:32:38.432Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## Sound Credit

![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/60bec6b3baf7720c58f2c90d/61140c900cf7f4e4dcfc2730_sound_credit_og_cover.png)

- [Sound Credit](https://www.soundcredit.com/) - Join over 30,000 music professionals to experience the modern music credits platform.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:21:53.290Z
**Tags:** #audio #labels

---

## UPCitemdb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fupcitemdb.com%2F)

- [UPCitemdb](https://upcitemdb.com/) - The largest UPC database offers API access, bulk lookup. With over 549 million barcodes, the database is updated daily and maintained by tech nerds.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:28:33.589Z
**Tags:** #audio #UPC

---

## VGMdb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fvgmdb.net%2F)

- [VGMdb](https://vgmdb.net/) - VGMdb provides media, tracklist and artist information for video game soundtracks and anime music.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:29:16.914Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

## Yadb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.yadb.com%2F)

- [Yadb](https://www.yadb.com/) - YADB.com is a database for CD and track lookup. Using JRiver Media Center or Media Jukebox, you can lookup CDs and individual tracks. You can also submit information that we don't have yet. YADB was written and is copyrighted by JRiver.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:30:49.562Z
**Tags:** #audio #information

---

Next Page [[Audio Lyrics]]
