Audio Management.md, before:

# Audio Management

---

## Audome

![](https://audome.com/assets/images/hero.webp)

- [Audome](https://audome.com/) - Share lossless audio and get precise feedback directly in the audio file. Nicely structured. Organize all your projects, files, clients, and more. All in one platform.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:45:01.502Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## DISCO

![](https://www.disco.ac/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252F60a117fad96b4642b1ed406abe825325%252Ff8fb3218047845edaecd5ce4c37e0714&w=3840&q=75)

- [DISCO](https://www.disco.ac/) - Music management, solved. The music platform that makes workflows easier, and business speedier.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:17:28.870Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## Disctopia

![](https://cdn-disctopia.pressidium.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/AdobeStock_287710004.jpeg)

- [Disctopia](https://disctopia.com/registering-your-indie-record-label-officially/) - In this post, the focus will be about creating a legal persona for your business. It's an important part of how to start an indie record label

**Date:** 2023-11-19T19:02:11.597Z
**Tags:** #audio #recordlabel

---

## Easy Song

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.easysong.com%2Fsearch%2Fsongs%2F)

- [Easy Song](https://www.easysong.com/search/songs/) - Search Easy Song's database of over 1.6 million songs for copyright information and more.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:29:33.416Z
**Tags:** #audio #search

---

## How to Start a Record Label

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nolo.com%2Flegal-encyclopedia%2Fhow-start-record-label.html)

- [How to Start a Record Label](https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/how-start-record-label.html) - There are many legal issues that arise when starting a record label. Learn how to protect yourself and your label as you start your business.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T19:03:18.368Z
**Tags:** #audio #recordlabel

---

## iGroove

![](https://www.igroovemusic.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/header_paula_douglas-1.jpg)

- [iGroove](https://www.igroovemusic.com/) - iGroove: Bring your music business home. Get it all in one spot: Financing, distribution, marketing and the best services for your business.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T05:29:21.755Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## Kycker

![](https://www.kycker.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/BG-04-small-JPEG-150x150.jpg)

- [Kycker](https://www.kycker.net/) - Get your music on Apple Music & Spotify for Free! Earn royalties from your gigs with one click! All the tools you need to manage your career in one place! Free sign up – we don't make money until you do! @media only screen and (max-height: 650px) { #main-bg-image{display:none; } # } @media only screen … Continue reading "Home"

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:43:16.511Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## Music Royalty Calculator

![](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/musicgateway.public/metaImages/Twitter-600.png)

- [Music Royalty Calculator](https://www.musicgateway.com/royalties-calculator) - Our royalties calculator gives you an estimate of how much you could earn on streaming platforms like Spotify, Apple Music and Google Play.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:13:23.783Z
**Tags:** #audio #royalties

---

## OurSong

![](https://www.oursong.com/images/og-image.png)

- [OurSong](https://www.oursong.com/) - Music's Newest Playground

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:46:56.917Z
**Tags:** #audio #playground

---

## Playlistor

![](https://playlistor.io/static/img/screenshot.jpg)

- [Playlistor](https://playlistor.io/) - Convert playlists between Apple Music and Spotify.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:04:27.188Z
**Tags:** #audio #playlists

---

## SongBits

![](https://www.songbits.com/social-seo.png)

- [SongBits](https://www.songbits.com/) - A platform where you can buy shared ownership in songs directly from your favourite artists and earn royalties together with them for life.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:33:24.441Z
**Tags:** #audio #ownership

---

## Vydia

![](https://vydia.com/wp-content/uploads/vydiaLogoShare.png)

- [Vydia](https://vydia.com/) - Vydia is an end-to-end platform that monetizes content and handles its own supply chain, distribution, data pipelines, complex rights management, and payments.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:43:43.066Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

Next Page [[Audio Misc]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Management.md, after:

# Audio Management

---

![[management.jpg]]


>The "Audio Management" category features a variety of platforms and services designed to assist with various aspects of managing audio content. These platforms cater to music professionals, artists, record labels, and anyone involved in the music industry. Each platform offers unique functionalities, from content management and legal advice to distribution and career management tools. They are tagged with #audio and various sub-tags like #management, #recordlabel, and #search, indicating their specialized focus areas within the audio management domain. These resources are invaluable for those seeking to efficiently manage, distribute, and monetize their audio content in the ever-evolving music industry.

---

## Audome

![](https://audome.com/assets/images/hero.webp)

- [Audome](https://audome.com/) - Share lossless audio and get precise feedback directly in the audio file. Nicely structured. Organize all your projects, files, clients, and more. All in one platform.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:45:01.502Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## DISCO

![](https://www.disco.ac/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252F60a117fad96b4642b1ed406abe825325%252Ff8fb3218047845edaecd5ce4c37e0714&w=3840&q=75)

- [DISCO](https://www.disco.ac/) - Music management, solved. The music platform that makes workflows easier, and business speedier.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:17:28.870Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## Disctopia

![](https://cdn-disctopia.pressidium.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/AdobeStock_287710004.jpeg)

- [Disctopia](https://disctopia.com/registering-your-indie-record-label-officially/) - In this post, the focus will be about creating a legal persona for your business. It's an important part of how to start an indie record label

**Date:** 2023-11-19T19:02:11.597Z
**Tags:** #audio #recordlabel

---

## Easy Song

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.easysong.com%2Fsearch%2Fsongs%2F)

- [Easy Song](https://www.easysong.com/search/songs/) - Search Easy Song's database of over 1.6 million songs for copyright information and more.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:29:33.416Z
**Tags:** #audio #search

---

## How to Start a Record Label

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nolo.com%2Flegal-encyclopedia%2Fhow-start-record-label.html)

- [How to Start a Record Label](https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/how-start-record-label.html) - There are many legal issues that arise when starting a record label. Learn how to protect yourself and your label as you start your business.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T19:03:18.368Z
**Tags:** #audio #recordlabel

---

## iGroove

![](https://www.igroovemusic.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/header_paula_douglas-1.jpg)

- [iGroove](https://www.igroovemusic.com/) - iGroove: Bring your music business home. Get it all in one spot: Financing, distribution, marketing and the best services for your business.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T05:29:21.755Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## Kycker

![](https://www.kycker.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/BG-04-small-JPEG-150x150.jpg)

- [Kycker](https://www.kycker.net/) - Get your music on Apple Music & Spotify for Free! Earn royalties from your gigs with one click! All the tools you need to manage your career in one place! Free sign up – we don't make money until you do! @media only screen and (max-height: 650px) { #main-bg-image{display:none; } # } @media only screen … Continue reading "Home"

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:43:16.511Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

## Music Royalty Calculator

![](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/musicgateway.public/metaImages/Twitter-600.png)

- [Music Royalty Calculator](https://www.musicgateway.com/royalties-calculator) - Our royalties calculator gives you an estimate of how much you could earn on streaming platforms like Spotify, Apple Music and Google Play.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:13:23.783Z
**Tags:** #audio #royalties

---

## OurSong

![](https://www.oursong.com/images/og-image.png)

- [OurSong](https://www.oursong.com/) - Music's Newest Playground

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:46:56.917Z
**Tags:** #audio #playground

---

## Playlistor

![](https://playlistor.io/static/img/screenshot.jpg)

- [Playlistor](https://playlistor.io/) - Convert playlists between Apple Music and Spotify.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:04:27.188Z
**Tags:** #audio #playlists

---

## SongBits

![](https://www.songbits.com/social-seo.png)

- [SongBits](https://www.songbits.com/) - A platform where you can buy shared ownership in songs directly from your favourite artists and earn royalties together with them for life.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:33:24.441Z
**Tags:** #audio #ownership

---

## Vydia

![](https://vydia.com/wp-content/uploads/vydiaLogoShare.png)

- [Vydia](https://vydia.com/) - Vydia is an end-to-end platform that monetizes content and handles its own supply chain, distribution, data pipelines, complex rights management, and payments.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:43:43.066Z
**Tags:** #audio #management

---

Next Page [[Audio Misc]]
