Audio Spotify.md, before:

# Audio Spotify

---

## Chart My Music

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chartmymusic.com%2F)

- [Chart My Music](https://www.chartmymusic.com/) - Tools For Spotify!

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:49:17.792Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats #spotifytools

---

## Discoverify

![](https://discoverifymusic.com/canonical.png)

- [Discoverify](https://discoverifymusic.com/login) - Discover Weekly... But Daily

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:02:59.440Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify 

---

## Exportify

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwatsonbox.github.io%2Fexportify%2F)

- [Exportify](https://watsonbox.github.io/exportify/) - Export Spotify playlists using the Web API

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:09:14.078Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools #spotify

---

## EZBlocker

![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/30f430d8ed8a6973742b7e578b4fdcbb51550c974a993b82f6e69e1a02d60a39/Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker)

- [EZBlocker](https://github.com/Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker) - EZBlocker - A Spotify Ad Blocker for Windows. Contribute to Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker development by creating an account on GitHub.

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Get Rid of Spotify Ads

![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/9jvlf8)

- [Get rid of Spotify ads](https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/comments/9jvlf8/get_rid_of_spotify_adsbannerslimited_skips_and) - Explore this post and more from the Piracy community

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.798Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Highlights2Spotify

![](https://highlights2spotify.com/_next/image?url=%2Fassets%2Fimages%2Fconvert-example.png&w=750&q=75)

- [Highlights2Spotify](https://highlights2spotify.com/) - Create a Spotify playlist based on your Instagram highlights and listen to your favorite moments

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:07:30.281Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats #spotifytools

---

## Music Metrics Vault

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.musicmetricsvault.com%2F)

- [Music Metrics Vault](https://www.musicmetricsvault.com/) - Music Metrics Vault is a free tool providing Spotify analytics and metrics, such as Artist analytics and most streams tracks, monthly listeners and followers tracking, most popular artists by countries and cities.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:47:01.393Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats #spotifytools

---

## Spotify AdBlock Host File

![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/9tcbvc)

- [Spotify AdBlock Host file](https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/comments/9tcbvc/spotify_adblock_host_file_uptodate_effective) - Explore this post and more from the Piracy community

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.798Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spotify Mixtape

![](https://support.musicgateway.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Spotify-mixtape-1024x582.jpg)

- [Spotify Mixtape](https://www.musicgateway.com/spotify-mixtape) - We've created and developed our very own Spotify Mixtape tool for artists, bands and musicians to use to promote their music.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:14:46.740Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spotify Modded APK

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fforum.mobilism.org%2Fviewtopic.php%3Ff%3D1332%26t%3D2950704)

- [Spotify modded APK](https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=1332&t=2950704) - Spotify modded APK

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spotify Pre-save Links

![](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/musicgateway.public/metaImages/Twitter-600.png)

- [Spotify Pre-save Links](https://www.musicgateway.com/spotify-pre-save) - Create your free Spotify pre-save links

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:14:22.578Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify #linklists

---

## SpotX

![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/395075992/1b58b86f-8799-4c70-957c-4fc71117a3d1)

- [SpotX](https://github.com/amd64fox/SpotX) - SpotX patcher used for patching the desktop version of Spotify

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## SpotX-Bash

![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/3219237af7997ad806bc5eff1c58719920cd949b3737b852399bee601d29495e/SpotX-Official/SpotX-Bash)

- [SpotX-Bash](https://github.com/jetfir3/SpotX-Bash) - Official SpotX adblocker for Spotify desktop clients on Linux and Mac

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spytify

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fjwallet.github.io%2Fspy-spotify)

- [Spytify](https://jwallet.github.io/spy-spotify) - Records Spotify to mp3 without ads while it plays and includes media tags to the recorded files

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

Next Page [[Audio Stats]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Spotify.md, after:

# Audio Spotify

---

![[spot.jpg]]


>The "Audio Spotify" category includes a selection of tools and services specifically designed to enhance the Spotify experience for users. These platforms cater to Spotify users looking for additional functionalities, from playlist management to discovering new music. Each of these platforms offers unique functionalities that complement Spotify's features, addressing specific needs or preferences of Spotify users. They are tagged with #audio and #spotify, along with other tags like #stats and #tools, indicating their focus on providing additional services and tools for Spotify users. These resources are particularly valuable for those looking to get more out of their Spotify experience, whether it's through enhanced music discovery, playlist management, or ad-blocking.

---

## Chart My Music

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chartmymusic.com%2F)

- [Chart My Music](https://www.chartmymusic.com/) - Tools For Spotify!

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:49:17.792Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats #spotifytools

---

## Discoverify

![](https://discoverifymusic.com/canonical.png)

- [Discoverify](https://discoverifymusic.com/login) - Discover Weekly... But Daily

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:02:59.440Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify 

---

## Exportify

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwatsonbox.github.io%2Fexportify%2F)

- [Exportify](https://watsonbox.github.io/exportify/) - Export Spotify playlists using the Web API

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:09:14.078Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools #spotify

---

## EZBlocker

![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/30f430d8ed8a6973742b7e578b4fdcbb51550c974a993b82f6e69e1a02d60a39/Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker)

- [EZBlocker](https://github.com/Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker) - EZBlocker - A Spotify Ad Blocker for Windows. Contribute to Xeroday/Spotify-Ad-Blocker development by creating an account on GitHub.

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Get Rid of Spotify Ads

![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/9jvlf8)

- [Get rid of Spotify ads](https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/comments/9jvlf8/get_rid_of_spotify_adsbannerslimited_skips_and) - Explore this post and more from the Piracy community

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.798Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Highlights2Spotify

![](https://highlights2spotify.com/_next/image?url=%2Fassets%2Fimages%2Fconvert-example.png&w=750&q=75)

- [Highlights2Spotify](https://highlights2spotify.com/) - Create a Spotify playlist based on your Instagram highlights and listen to your favorite moments

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:07:30.281Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats #spotifytools

---

## Music Metrics Vault

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.musicmetricsvault.com%2F)

- [Music Metrics Vault](https://www.musicmetricsvault.com/) - Music Metrics Vault is a free tool providing Spotify analytics and metrics, such as Artist analytics and most streams tracks, monthly listeners and followers tracking, most popular artists by countries and cities.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:47:01.393Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats #spotifytools

---

## Spotify AdBlock Host File

![](https://share.redd.it/preview/post/9tcbvc)

- [Spotify AdBlock Host file](https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/comments/9tcbvc/spotify_adblock_host_file_uptodate_effective) - Explore this post and more from the Piracy community

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.798Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spotify Mixtape

![](https://support.musicgateway.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Spotify-mixtape-1024x582.jpg)

- [Spotify Mixtape](https://www.musicgateway.com/spotify-mixtape) - We've created and developed our very own Spotify Mixtape tool for artists, bands and musicians to use to promote their music.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:14:46.740Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spotify Modded APK

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fforum.mobilism.org%2Fviewtopic.php%3Ff%3D1332%26t%3D2950704)

- [Spotify modded APK](https://forum.mobilism.org/viewtopic.php?f=1332&t=2950704) - Spotify modded APK

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spotify Pre-save Links

![](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/musicgateway.public/metaImages/Twitter-600.png)

- [Spotify Pre-save Links](https://www.musicgateway.com/spotify-pre-save) - Create your free Spotify pre-save links

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:14:22.578Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify #linklists

---

## SpotX

![](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/395075992/1b58b86f-8799-4c70-957c-4fc71117a3d1)

- [SpotX](https://github.com/amd64fox/SpotX) - SpotX patcher used for patching the desktop version of Spotify

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## SpotX-Bash

![](https://opengraph.githubassets.com/3219237af7997ad806bc5eff1c58719920cd949b3737b852399bee601d29495e/SpotX-Official/SpotX-Bash)

- [SpotX-Bash](https://github.com/jetfir3/SpotX-Bash) - Official SpotX adblocker for Spotify desktop clients on Linux and Mac

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

## Spytify

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fjwallet.github.io%2Fspy-spotify)

- [Spytify](https://jwallet.github.io/spy-spotify) - Records Spotify to mp3 without ads while it plays and includes media tags to the recorded files

**Date:** 2023-10-26T15:29:09.797Z
**Tags:** #audio #spotify

---

Next Page [[Audio Stats]]
