Audio Database.md, before:

# Audio Database

---

## Discogs

![](https://content.discogs.com/media/R-28884-1129555367-300x300.jpg)

- [Discogs](https://www.discogs.com/) - Discover music on Discogs, the largest online music database. Buy and sell music with collectors in the Marketplace.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:36:27.637Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## etreedb.org

![](https://media.etreedb.org/images/logo-300x300.png)

- [etreedb.org](https://etreedb.org/) - We are a social network of like-minded music collectors. Find here recordings ranging from Walt Whitman by Thomas Edison to the concert you attended last week by a dedicated hobbyist or professional. Although no music is downloadable you may find connoisseurs of your favorite artists from around the world in your home town or across the oceans.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:42:16.385Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## gnudb.org CD Database

- [gnudb.org CD database](https://gnudb.org/index.php) - gnudb.org a new home the free CD database

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:34:26.948Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## MusicBrainz

![](https://archive.org/download/mbid-f3dcacc2-8986-41d7-8b76-932fc65d94d3/mbid-f3dcacc2-8986-41d7-8b76-932fc65d94d3-37260843245_thumb250.jpg)

- [MusicBrainz](https://musicbrainz.org/) - The Open Music Encyclopedia

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:35:09.589Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## Online Music Database

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlinemusicdatabase.com%2F)

- [Online Music Database](http://www.onlinemusicdatabase.com/) - From here, you can browse through all the Artists in the database, enter artist/album information, view/add music related links, get some simple database statistics or search the database.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:44:42.251Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## OpenISRC

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fopenisrc.org%2F)

- [OpenISRC](http://openisrc.org/) - OpenISRC is a free, open-data, non-profit service that enables musical artists, record labels, publishers and distributors to collect worldwide royalties from commercial sound recordings.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:33:51.863Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## Songspace

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fsongspace.com%2F)

- [Songspace](https://songspace.com/) - Songspace helps music creators collaborate, catalog, and share work with their professional team.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:14:55.189Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## TheAudioDB.com

![](https://www.theaudiodb.com/images/eq2.png)

- [TheAudioDB.com](https://www.theaudiodb.com/) - TheAudioDB is a community database of Music Artwork, Metadata and Charts with a free JSON Music API.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:39:24.118Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## Tunebat

![](https://specterr.b-cdn.net/tunebat-icon.JPG)

- [Tunebat](https://tunebat.com/) - Find key and BPM information for any song. Explore an extensive database
 of 70+ million tracks with data on release date, label, energy, happiness, and danceability.
 Discover DJ recommendations for harmonic mixing.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:31:27.011Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## VEVA Sound

![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5d1bfe2dee8f720001db3770/t/623a4982328faf0b04ed1bd1/1647987074912/VS-Lockup-Horizontal-Black-Flat.jpg?format=1500w)

- [VEVA Sound](https://vevasound.com/) - VEVA Sound is a company that specializes in verifying, validating, and archiving sound recordings. Founded in 2002, it has offices in Nashville, New York City, Los Angeles, and London. The company has worked with some of the largest record companies in the world and some of the most successful artists of all time

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:18:12.550Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

Next Page [[Audio Distribution]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Database.md, after:

# Audio Database

---

![[stats.jpg]]


>The "Audio Database" category features a collection of online platforms providing extensive databases and tools for various aspects of music and sound management. These platforms cater to a diverse audience, including music collectors, artists, record labels, and music enthusiasts. Each platform has its unique focus, ranging from music discovery and trade to data archiving and professional collaboration, making them invaluable resources for various stakeholders in the music industry. They are tagged with #audio and #database, indicating their primary focus on audio-related data management and accessibility.

---

## Discogs

![](https://content.discogs.com/media/R-28884-1129555367-300x300.jpg)

- [Discogs](https://www.discogs.com/) - Discover music on Discogs, the largest online music database. Buy and sell music with collectors in the Marketplace.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:36:27.637Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## etreedb.org

![](https://media.etreedb.org/images/logo-300x300.png)

- [etreedb.org](https://etreedb.org/) - We are a social network of like-minded music collectors. Find here recordings ranging from Walt Whitman by Thomas Edison to the concert you attended last week by a dedicated hobbyist or professional. Although no music is downloadable you may find connoisseurs of your favorite artists from around the world in your home town or across the oceans.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:42:16.385Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## gnudb.org CD Database

- [gnudb.org CD database](https://gnudb.org/index.php) - gnudb.org a new home the free CD database

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:34:26.948Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## MusicBrainz

![](https://archive.org/download/mbid-f3dcacc2-8986-41d7-8b76-932fc65d94d3/mbid-f3dcacc2-8986-41d7-8b76-932fc65d94d3-37260843245_thumb250.jpg)

- [MusicBrainz](https://musicbrainz.org/) - The Open Music Encyclopedia

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:35:09.589Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## Online Music Database

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fwww.onlinemusicdatabase.com%2F)

- [Online Music Database](http://www.onlinemusicdatabase.com/) - From here, you can browse through all the Artists in the database, enter artist/album information, view/add music related links, get some simple database statistics or search the database.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:44:42.251Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## OpenISRC

![](https://rdl.ink/render/http%3A%2F%2Fopenisrc.org%2F)

- [OpenISRC](http://openisrc.org/) - OpenISRC is a free, open-data, non-profit service that enables musical artists, record labels, publishers and distributors to collect worldwide royalties from commercial sound recordings.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:33:51.863Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## Songspace

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fsongspace.com%2F)

- [Songspace](https://songspace.com/) - Songspace helps music creators collaborate, catalog, and share work with their professional team.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:14:55.189Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## TheAudioDB.com

![](https://www.theaudiodb.com/images/eq2.png)

- [TheAudioDB.com](https://www.theaudiodb.com/) - TheAudioDB is a community database of Music Artwork, Metadata and Charts with a free JSON Music API.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:39:24.118Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## Tunebat

![](https://specterr.b-cdn.net/tunebat-icon.JPG)

- [Tunebat](https://tunebat.com/) - Find key and BPM information for any song. Explore an extensive database
 of 70+ million tracks with data on release date, label, energy, happiness, and danceability.
 Discover DJ recommendations for harmonic mixing.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:31:27.011Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

## VEVA Sound

![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5d1bfe2dee8f720001db3770/t/623a4982328faf0b04ed1bd1/1647987074912/VS-Lockup-Horizontal-Black-Flat.jpg?format=1500w)

- [VEVA Sound](https://vevasound.com/) - VEVA Sound is a company that specializes in verifying, validating, and archiving sound recordings. Founded in 2002, it has offices in Nashville, New York City, Los Angeles, and London. The company has worked with some of the largest record companies in the world and some of the most successful artists of all time

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:18:12.550Z
**Tags:** #audio #database

---

Next Page [[Audio Distribution]]
