Audio Tools.md, before:

# Audio Tools

---

## AudioSalad

![](http://audiosalad.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/as-banner.png)

- [AudioSalad](https://audiosalad.com/) - AudioSalad is an unparalleled metadata management, delivery and distribution platform for the music and entertainment industries.

**Date:** 2023-11-18T06:33:02.743Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Back On Stage App

![](https://backonstageapp.com/cdn/shop/files/Back_on_stage_artist_management_app_1200x675.png?v=1615945804)

- [Back On Stage App](https://backonstageapp.com/) - One software that automates band management for better productivity. Sign up to get the best app for bands that manages money, clients, setlists, and more.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:26:01.900Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## BandHelper

![](https://www.bandhelper.com/images/content/home_book.jpg)

- [BandHelper](https://www.bandhelper.com/) - BandHelper is an online service with iOS, Android and Mac apps to manage your band's repertoire, schedule, contacts, stage plots and finances.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:27:29.700Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Band Pencil

![](https://bandpencil.com/images/social/fb-share.png)

- [Band Pencil](https://bandpencil.com/) - Band Pencil is a band management software designed for artists, musicians and band managers. Grow your music business from Band Pencil.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:25:04.897Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Beets

![](https://cdn.fosstodon.org/media_attachments/files/111/268/757/730/364/680/small/7bcc5b87ea6ac4c6.png)

- [beets](https://beets.io/) - The purpose of beets is to get your music collection right once and for all. It catalogs your collection, automatically improving its metadata as it goes using the MusicBrainz database. Then it provides a bouquet of tools for manipulating and accessing your music.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T02:58:25.022Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Byta

![](https://byta.com/images/byta-social-preview.jpg?v=23.45.01)

- [Byta](https://byta.com/byta-for-artists-studios) - Byta lets Artists and Studios securely share their music, in any format, via streaming link or email, with complete control over meta data and distribution.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:16:39.295Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Exploration

![](https://exploration.io/assets/img/home/2ndEditionMain_xdejsj_c_scale,w_1371.webp?v=a850586e9e)

- [Exploration](https://exploration.io/) - Control your data. Collect your money. Exploration Group increases the value of your music copyrights through world-class administration. Get started today.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:27:20.030Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Filepass

![](https://content.app-sources.com/s/5726894251979864/uploads/Images/Filepass_Main_1_Social-6186258.png)

- [Filepass](https://filepass.com/) - Streamline the entire collaboration process so you and your clients can go from "version 1" to "version 7.8 vocals up final v2_done.wav". Easy Peasy.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:29:48.230Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Free Online Mastering

![](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/musicgateway.public/metaImages/Twitter-600.png)

- [Free Online Mastering](https://www.musicgateway.com/free-online-mastering) - Looking for free online mastering for your tracks before you distribute? Music Gateway's free mastering tool is powered by AI & entirely free!

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:12:04.944Z
**Tags:** #audiomastering

---

## Labelgrid

![](https://labelgrid.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/labelgrid_opengraphformat.jpg)

- [Labelgrid](https://labelgrid.com/) - LabelGrid is an advanced Digital Music Distribution and Marketing Platform optimized for Productivity and Marketing Opportunities.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:25:52.991Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools #labels

---

## Music Fibre

![](https://musicfibre.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Screen-Shot-2016-10-26-at-17.01.16-1.png)

- [Music Fibre](https://musicfibre.com/) - WHAT DO YOU NEED TO GET DONE TODAY? Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});   Looking for work in the music industry? Find music industry jobs at Jobs.Soundplate.com Music Industry Jobs THE MUS…

**Date:** 2023-11-18T07:04:09.002Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Musicstax

![](https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b273d87c524bbf1aa68ce698da29)

- [Musicstax](https://musicstax.com/) - Find the key, tempo, loudness, energy, danceability, popularity and metadata of over 100 million tracks on Musicstax. Easily find the tempo of a song and the key of a song.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:36:51.928Z
**Tags:** #audio #analysis

---

## Muted IO

![](https://muted.io/images/mutedio-cover.jpg)

- [Muted IO](https://muted.io/) - A collection of interactive online music theory tools and piano references for notes, keys, chords and scales. A fun way to learn and retain music concepts.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:05:13.053Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## MyMusic.biz

![](https://mymusic.biz/MyMusicTheme/assets/images/banner/banner1-1.png)

- [MyMusic.biz](https://mymusic.biz/) - Build your music career with a virtual manager

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:26:29.223Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Noisehive

![](https://www.noisehive.com/asset/front_end/images/screen.png)

- [Noisehive](https://www.noisehive.com/) - Noisehive is a boutique digital distribution service that caters to independent artists and labels looking to get their music onto online platforms, including Spotify, Apple Music, Beatport, Tik Tok and more. Noisehive offers an easy-to-use, premium digital music distribution service and support to independent artists, bands and record labels looking to share their music with the world. Noisehive prides itself on its hands-on approach, with a team of experienced music lovers available to offer support and advice to artists.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T05:26:56.827Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## SkyTracks

![](https://skytracks.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/create3.jpg)

- [SkyTracks](https://skytracks.io/) - SkyTracks is an online music collaboration and creation platform, entirely browser-based.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:47:18.047Z
**Tags:** #audio #collaboration

---

## Songbox

![](https://songbox.com/img/songbox-OG-image-2.jpg?123)

- [Songbox](https://songbox.com/) - The smart way to share music privately - Songbox allows you to create private, secure and personalised playlists for sharing with individuals you choose

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:14:02.021Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## SonoSuite

![](https://sonosuite.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/home-icon-flexible.svg)

- [SonoSuite](https://sonosuite.com/en/) - SonoSuite is a global, white-label SaaS solution that caters catalog distribution and royalty collection technology to a wide array of music businesses, connecting them with the world's Top Digital Music Services.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:16:03.576Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Soundplate Clicks

![](https://click.soundplate.com/page/img/smartlinks-meta.jpg)

- [Soundplate Clicks](https://click.soundplate.com/) - Create music smart links and landing pages to help grow your fanbase and increase streams & sales. Start free.

**Date:** 2023-11-18T07:05:10.805Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Strix Music

![](https://www.strixmusic.com/Wide_HighRes.png)

- [Strix Music](https://www.strixmusic.com/) - It's your music. Play it your way.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:08:07.065Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Trackstack

![](https://d1oah9jnmmw7bq.cloudfront.net/og/og_website.png)

- [Trackstack](https://www.trackstack.app/) - Streamline your demo and promo workflow with reviewing, organising, and sharing in one inbox. Built for high-performance DJs and labels.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:29:12.558Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Vollume Control

![](https://assets.website-files.com/6013b8e74baaf05485b4f618/6111453551955c3225e5d5e4_Cover.png)

- [Vollume Control](https://www.vollume.com/) - Vollume Control is where teams organise music together. Control is a cloud music library management tool built for music professionals to more easily manage, collaborate, and share projects.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:20:20.782Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

Home Page [[AudioMarx]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Tools.md, after:

# Audio Tools

---

![[tools.jpg]]


>The "Audio Tools" category features a variety of platforms offering specialized tools and software solutions for the music and entertainment industries. These services cater to artists, band managers, studios, and anyone involved in managing music-related tasks. Each platform in this category provides unique tools and functionalities tailored to the specific needs of those in the music industry, from metadata management to comprehensive band management solutions. They are tagged with #audio and #tools, indicating their focus on providing tools and software solutions for audio and music management. These resources are invaluable for those seeking to efficiently manage, distribute, and monetize their music or audio content.

---

## AudioSalad

![](http://audiosalad.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/as-banner.png)

- [AudioSalad](https://audiosalad.com/) - AudioSalad is an unparalleled metadata management, delivery and distribution platform for the music and entertainment industries.

**Date:** 2023-11-18T06:33:02.743Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Back On Stage App

![](https://backonstageapp.com/cdn/shop/files/Back_on_stage_artist_management_app_1200x675.png?v=1615945804)

- [Back On Stage App](https://backonstageapp.com/) - One software that automates band management for better productivity. Sign up to get the best app for bands that manages money, clients, setlists, and more.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:26:01.900Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## BandHelper

![](https://www.bandhelper.com/images/content/home_book.jpg)

- [BandHelper](https://www.bandhelper.com/) - BandHelper is an online service with iOS, Android and Mac apps to manage your band's repertoire, schedule, contacts, stage plots and finances.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:27:29.700Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Band Pencil

![](https://bandpencil.com/images/social/fb-share.png)

- [Band Pencil](https://bandpencil.com/) - Band Pencil is a band management software designed for artists, musicians and band managers. Grow your music business from Band Pencil.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:25:04.897Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Byta

![](https://byta.com/images/byta-social-preview.jpg?v=23.45.01)

- [Byta](https://byta.com/byta-for-artists-studios) - Byta lets Artists and Studios securely share their music, in any format, via streaming link or email, with complete control over meta data and distribution.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:16:39.295Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Exploration

![](https://exploration.io/assets/img/home/2ndEditionMain_xdejsj_c_scale,w_1371.webp?v=a850586e9e)

- [Exploration](https://exploration.io/) - Control your data. Collect your money. Exploration Group increases the value of your music copyrights through world-class administration. Get started today.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:27:20.030Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Filepass

![](https://content.app-sources.com/s/5726894251979864/uploads/Images/Filepass_Main_1_Social-6186258.png)

- [Filepass](https://filepass.com/) - Streamline the entire collaboration process so you and your clients can go from "version 1" to "version 7.8 vocals up final v2_done.wav". Easy Peasy.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:29:48.230Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Free Online Mastering

![](https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/musicgateway.public/metaImages/Twitter-600.png)

- [Free Online Mastering](https://www.musicgateway.com/free-online-mastering) - Looking for free online mastering for your tracks before you distribute? Music Gateway's free mastering tool is powered by AI & entirely free!

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:12:04.944Z
**Tags:** #audiomastering

---

## Labelgrid

![](https://labelgrid.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/08/labelgrid_opengraphformat.jpg)

- [Labelgrid](https://labelgrid.com/) - LabelGrid is an advanced Digital Music Distribution and Marketing Platform optimized for Productivity and Marketing Opportunities.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:25:52.991Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools #labels

---

## Music Fibre

![](https://musicfibre.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Screen-Shot-2016-10-26-at-17.01.16-1.png)

- [Music Fibre](https://musicfibre.com/) - WHAT DO YOU NEED TO GET DONE TODAY? Generic selectors Exact matches only Search in title Search in content Post Type Selectors (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});   Looking for work in the music industry? Find music industry jobs at Jobs.Soundplate.com Music Industry Jobs THE MUS…

**Date:** 2023-11-18T07:04:09.002Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Musicstax

![](https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b273d87c524bbf1aa68ce698da29)

- [Musicstax](https://musicstax.com/) - Find the key, tempo, loudness, energy, danceability, popularity and metadata of over 100 million tracks on Musicstax. Easily find the tempo of a song and the key of a song.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:36:51.928Z
**Tags:** #audio #analysis

---

## Muted IO

![](https://muted.io/images/mutedio-cover.jpg)

- [Muted IO](https://muted.io/) - A collection of interactive online music theory tools and piano references for notes, keys, chords and scales. A fun way to learn and retain music concepts.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:05:13.053Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## MyMusic.biz

![](https://mymusic.biz/MyMusicTheme/assets/images/banner/banner1-1.png)

- [MyMusic.biz](https://mymusic.biz/) - Build your music career with a virtual manager

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:26:29.223Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Noisehive

![](https://www.noisehive.com/asset/front_end/images/screen.png)

- [Noisehive](https://www.noisehive.com/) - Noisehive is a boutique digital distribution service that caters to independent artists and labels looking to get their music onto online platforms, including Spotify, Apple Music, Beatport, Tik Tok and more. Noisehive offers an easy-to-use, premium digital music distribution service and support to independent artists, bands and record labels looking to share their music with the world. Noisehive prides itself on its hands-on approach, with a team of experienced music lovers available to offer support and advice to artists.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T05:26:56.827Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## SkyTracks

![](https://skytracks.io/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/create3.jpg)

- [SkyTracks](https://skytracks.io/) - SkyTracks is an online music collaboration and creation platform, entirely browser-based.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:47:18.047Z
**Tags:** #audio #collaboration

---

## Songbox

![](https://songbox.com/img/songbox-OG-image-2.jpg?123)

- [Songbox](https://songbox.com/) - The smart way to share music privately - Songbox allows you to create private, secure and personalised playlists for sharing with individuals you choose

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:14:02.021Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## SonoSuite

![](https://sonosuite.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/home-icon-flexible.svg)

- [SonoSuite](https://sonosuite.com/en/) - SonoSuite is a global, white-label SaaS solution that caters catalog distribution and royalty collection technology to a wide array of music businesses, connecting them with the world's Top Digital Music Services.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:16:03.576Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Soundplate Clicks

![](https://click.soundplate.com/page/img/smartlinks-meta.jpg)

- [Soundplate Clicks](https://click.soundplate.com/) - Create music smart links and landing pages to help grow your fanbase and increase streams & sales. Start free.

**Date:** 2023-11-18T07:05:10.805Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Strix Music

![](https://www.strixmusic.com/Wide_HighRes.png)

- [Strix Music](https://www.strixmusic.com/) - It's your music. Play it your way.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:08:07.065Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Trackstack

![](https://d1oah9jnmmw7bq.cloudfront.net/og/og_website.png)

- [Trackstack](https://www.trackstack.app/) - Streamline your demo and promo workflow with reviewing, organising, and sharing in one inbox. Built for high-performance DJs and labels.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:29:12.558Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

## Vollume Control

![](https://assets.website-files.com/6013b8e74baaf05485b4f618/6111453551955c3225e5d5e4_Cover.png)

- [Vollume Control](https://www.vollume.com/) - Vollume Control is where teams organise music together. Control is a cloud music library management tool built for music professionals to more easily manage, collaborate, and share projects.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:20:20.782Z
**Tags:** #audio #tools

---

Home Page [[AudioMarx]]
