Audio Lyrics.md, before:

# Audio Lyrics

---

## Dumb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fsing.whatever.social%2F)

- [dumb](https://sing.whatever.social/) - An alternative frontend for genius.com

**Date:** 2023-11-18T02:30:17.197Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Find Music By Lyrics

![](https://findmusicbylyrics.com/img/logo.png)

- [Find Music By Lyrics](https://findmusicbylyrics.com/) - Find that song that's stuck in your head when you only know a few of the lyrics.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:07:14.483Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## FMLyrics

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Ffmlyrics.netlify.app%2F)

- [FMLyrics](https://fmlyrics.netlify.app/) - A react app with node backend to grab lyrics between currently playing songs via last.fm and genius

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:22:26.499Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Genius Lyrics Card Maker

![](https://lyrics-card-maker.vercel.app/preview-image.jpg)

- [Genius lyrics card maker](https://lyricscard.vercel.app) - Search for any song and create a personalized Genius lyrics cards to share with your friends.

**Date:** 2023-10-02T10:18:16.608Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Genius Song Lyrics

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/kaggle-datasets-images/2805070/4840139/bb085b63a5fd185b9266057b9724b4a1/dataset-card.png?t=2023-01-11-20-21-14)

- [Genius Song Lyrics](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/carlosgdcj/genius-song-lyrics-with-language-information) - Language annotated song and lyrics data

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:24:12.578Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Intellectual

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fintellectual.insprill.net%2F)

- [Intellectual](https://intellectual.insprill.net/) - Alternate frontend for Genius focused on privacy and simplicity

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:25:08.260Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Lyrical

![](https://images.genius.com/6132f071bdd3c86a220e59c6aab609fa.1000x1000x1.png)

- [Lyrical](https://lyrica1.netlify.app/) - A web app to search for lyrics using the genius api

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:33:21.267Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## LyricFind

![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5f972a7c930e1b7910954135/t/62df01f03505b563ed695391/1660918856868/LF-LinkedIn_Company-Profile.jpg?format=1500w)

- [LyricFind](https://www.lyricfind.com/) - The trusted source for lyric licensing and lyric data solutions.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:19:59.294Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Song Lyrics

![](https://www.azlyricdb.com/logo.gif)

- [Song Lyrics](https://www.azlyricdb.com/) - A-Z Lyrics Database - One of the largest lyrics database with more than 300,000 lyrics from 7000 artists.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:39:58.385Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## SongMeanings

![](https://songmeanings.com/images/img10.webp)

- [SongMeanings](https://songmeanings.com/) - SongMeanings is a community of thousands of music lovers who contribute song lyrics, discuss song meanings and interpretations, and connect over songs and artists they love!

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:05:44.932Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

Next Page [[Audio Management]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Lyrics.md, after:

# Audio Lyrics

---

![[tools.jpg]]


>The "Audio Lyrics" category includes a range of online platforms and services dedicated to providing song lyrics and related information. These platforms cater to music enthusiasts, researchers, and anyone interested in understanding or finding the lyrics of songs. Each of these platforms offers unique functionalities, from simple lyric searching to community discussions about song meanings, and professional services for lyric licensing. They are tagged with #audio and #lyrics, indicating their primary focus on providing lyric-related content and services. These resources are invaluable for those seeking to explore the textual dimension of music, from casual listeners to professional lyricists and music scholars.

---

## Dumb

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fsing.whatever.social%2F)

- [dumb](https://sing.whatever.social/) - An alternative frontend for genius.com

**Date:** 2023-11-18T02:30:17.197Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Find Music By Lyrics

![](https://findmusicbylyrics.com/img/logo.png)

- [Find Music By Lyrics](https://findmusicbylyrics.com/) - Find that song that's stuck in your head when you only know a few of the lyrics.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:07:14.483Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## FMLyrics

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Ffmlyrics.netlify.app%2F)

- [FMLyrics](https://fmlyrics.netlify.app/) - A react app with node backend to grab lyrics between currently playing songs via last.fm and genius

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:22:26.499Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Genius Lyrics Card Maker

![](https://lyrics-card-maker.vercel.app/preview-image.jpg)

- [Genius lyrics card maker](https://lyricscard.vercel.app) - Search for any song and create a personalized Genius lyrics cards to share with your friends.

**Date:** 2023-10-02T10:18:16.608Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Genius Song Lyrics

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/kaggle-datasets-images/2805070/4840139/bb085b63a5fd185b9266057b9724b4a1/dataset-card.png?t=2023-01-11-20-21-14)

- [Genius Song Lyrics](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/carlosgdcj/genius-song-lyrics-with-language-information) - Language annotated song and lyrics data

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:24:12.578Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Intellectual

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fintellectual.insprill.net%2F)

- [Intellectual](https://intellectual.insprill.net/) - Alternate frontend for Genius focused on privacy and simplicity

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:25:08.260Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Lyrical

![](https://images.genius.com/6132f071bdd3c86a220e59c6aab609fa.1000x1000x1.png)

- [Lyrical](https://lyrica1.netlify.app/) - A web app to search for lyrics using the genius api

**Date:** 2023-11-18T04:33:21.267Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## LyricFind

![](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5f972a7c930e1b7910954135/t/62df01f03505b563ed695391/1660918856868/LF-LinkedIn_Company-Profile.jpg?format=1500w)

- [LyricFind](https://www.lyricfind.com/) - The trusted source for lyric licensing and lyric data solutions.

**Date:** 2023-11-19T03:19:59.294Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## Song Lyrics

![](https://www.azlyricdb.com/logo.gif)

- [Song Lyrics](https://www.azlyricdb.com/) - A-Z Lyrics Database - One of the largest lyrics database with more than 300,000 lyrics from 7000 artists.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:39:58.385Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

## SongMeanings

![](https://songmeanings.com/images/img10.webp)

- [SongMeanings](https://songmeanings.com/) - SongMeanings is a community of thousands of music lovers who contribute song lyrics, discuss song meanings and interpretations, and connect over songs and artists they love!

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:05:44.932Z
**Tags:** #audio #lyrics

---

Next Page [[Audio Management]]
