Audio Stats.md, before:

# Audio Stats

---

## Album Scrobbles

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.albumscrobbles.com%2F)

- [Album Scrobbles](https://www.albumscrobbles.com/) - Calculate your real album listening stats, based on the track count per album.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:48:16.448Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## BrewFM

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.brew.fm%2F)

- [BrewFM](https://www.brew.fm/) - Think Spotify Release Radar
Only better.
Refreshed multiple times a day
Checks for new music per playlist
Checks all artists in your playlists for new music
Not just the ones you follow

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:04:09.894Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## ChartMasters

![](https://chartmasters.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/Streaming-tool.jpg)

- [ChartMasters](https://chartmasters.org/) - Music industry data is rare. Our expertise allows us to overcome that and provide up-to-date accurate key data. Welcome to ChartMasters!

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:48:25.929Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## Jeith

![](https://pennystreams.com/assets/hero-thumbnail.png)

- [Jeith.](https://pennystreams.com/) - Search any artist or band to get an estimate on how much their copyright holders earn through Spotify.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:50:11.792Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## Top Charts

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.top-charts.com%2F)

- [Top Charts](https://www.top-charts.com/) - Top Charts ranks the top 100 songs of the week based on Apple Music, Youtube and Spotify streaming, iTunes sales, and also radio airplay on myTuner app.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:47:12.951Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

Next Page [[Audio Tools]]

Commit message:

chore: vault backup from LAPTOP-4DVR9DVH at 2023-11-24T00:51

Audio Stats.md, after:

# Audio Stats

---

![[stats.jpg]]


>The "Audio Stats" category features a range of platforms that provide statistical insights and data related to music listening habits, artist earnings, and music chart rankings. These platforms cater to music enthusiasts, artists, and industry professionals. Each platform offers unique functionalities, from providing personal listening statistics to offering broader industry insights. They are tagged with #audio and #stats, indicating their focus on providing statistical data and analysis in the audio and music domain. These resources are valuable for those looking to gain insights into music trends, artist earnings, or personal listening habits.

---

## Album Scrobbles

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.albumscrobbles.com%2F)

- [Album Scrobbles](https://www.albumscrobbles.com/) - Calculate your real album listening stats, based on the track count per album.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:48:16.448Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## BrewFM

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.brew.fm%2F)

- [BrewFM](https://www.brew.fm/) - Think Spotify Release Radar
Only better.
Refreshed multiple times a day
Checks for new music per playlist
Checks all artists in your playlists for new music
Not just the ones you follow

**Date:** 2023-11-16T13:04:09.894Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## ChartMasters

![](https://chartmasters.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/Streaming-tool.jpg)

- [ChartMasters](https://chartmasters.org/) - Music industry data is rare. Our expertise allows us to overcome that and provide up-to-date accurate key data. Welcome to ChartMasters!

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:48:25.929Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## Jeith

![](https://pennystreams.com/assets/hero-thumbnail.png)

- [Jeith.](https://pennystreams.com/) - Search any artist or band to get an estimate on how much their copyright holders earn through Spotify.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:50:11.792Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

## Top Charts

![](https://rdl.ink/render/https%3A%2F%2Fwww.top-charts.com%2F)

- [Top Charts](https://www.top-charts.com/) - Top Charts ranks the top 100 songs of the week based on Apple Music, Youtube and Spotify streaming, iTunes sales, and also radio airplay on myTuner app.

**Date:** 2023-11-16T12:47:12.951Z
**Tags:** #audio #stats

---

Next Page [[Audio Tools]]
